..
    This file is autogenerated.
    Only edit this file directly to correct typos.
    See CONTRIBUTING for instructions on adding new entries.

Mbed Cloud SDK for Python
=========================
This news file contains a log of notable changes to the SDK.

Please see `mbed-cloud-sdk <https://pypi.org/project/mbed-cloud-sdk/#history>`__ for
a list of versions that have been released on PyPI.

..
    begin_release_notes

1.2.8.970 (2018-05-22)
======================

Features
--------

- Third Party IP reports are generated according to a common format. (#1008)

- New dockerised CI build system (#1037)

- Client-Lite: Add device bootstrap API. This provides the ability to set
  Pre-Shared Keys for device bring-up. (#1099)

- Adds 'Value Change' subscription channel. This supercedes 'presubscription'
  and 'subscription' behaviours to provide a uniform interface, in line with
  the existing 'Device State' channel. (#1102)

- Add new 'in' and 'not in (nin)' filter operators to enable that functionality
  in the IAM api. (#1225)

- Client-Lite: Manifest upload supports upload of keytable file (#552)

- First to Claim: If a certificate is in enrollment mode, signature is not
  required (#924)

- Configuration can be set using environment variables `MBED_CLOUD_SDK_HOST`
  and `MBED_CLOUD_SDK_API_KEY` (m0)

- All pull requests against the repository should have a news file describing
  the benefit of the work done. (m1)

Bugfixes
--------

- Log messages no longer go directly to the root logger (#1091)

- Online documentation now links back to GitHub for license and contribution
  guidelines (#1097)

- Link to the new location of the online documentation (#1109)

Misc
----

- #1235


1.2.7.968 (2018-03-27)
======================

Features
--------

- Add subscriptions High Level Abstraction. Provides access to device
  registration status notifications. Sends request to terminate long poll on
  'stop_notifications'. (#722)


1.2.6.852 (2018-03-08)
======================

Features
--------

- Support Connector Enrollment Service API in SDK. Capabilities include:
  Account Admin can upload a list of Device IDs to claim, and can view the
  status of claimed devices. Make a new device claim using:
  `mbed_cloud.EnrollmentAPI().add_enrollment_claim(enrollment_identity=YOUR_CLAIM_TOKEN)`.
  (#627)

- The HTTP header User-Agent is now configured by the SDK and contains version
  and basic platform information, which is passed to the Mbed Cloud. (#634)

Bugfixes
--------

- ConnectAPI: Add a timeout parameter to `set_resource_value` and
  `execute_resource_value` (#1015)

- Fix for list_campaign_device_states using outdated api (#1022)

- ConnectAPI: Use a different api backend for consistency when retrieving
  resource values. `set_resource_value`/`set_resource_value_async` no longer
  execute a resource (use `execute_resource` instead). (#604)

- SDKs now iterate subscriptions in order to delete them. (#733)

- Use correct API for updating campaign objects (#953)


Older releases
==============

.. _section-1:

1.2.5
-----

.. _deliverables-1:

Deliverables
~~~~~~~~~~~~

The application is primarily hosted on pypi at
https://pypi.org/project/mbed-cloud-sdk and can be installed using pip:

::

    $ pip install mbed-cloud-sdk

.. _changes-1:

Changes
~~~~~~~

-  Added ‘claimed_at’ field to Devices
-  Added ‘last_update_time’ to Groups
-  Added ‘device_mode’ to Certificate
-  Renamed ‘owner’ -> ‘owner_id’ on ApiKey
-  Re-implemented PaginatedResponse to match the API spec

   -  Deprecation: No longer uses ‘.data’ attribute
   -  Iterable but not indexable
   -  Ease-of-use functionality such as ``.first()``

-  Improvements to BaseObject data handling
-  Various small improvements to correctness and consistency with other
   SDKs

Known Issues
~~~~~~~~~~~~

-  No new issues

.. _section-2:

1.2.4
-----

.. _deliverables-2:

Deliverables
~~~~~~~~~~~~

The application is primarily hosted on pypi at
https://pypi.org/project/mbed-cloud-sdk and can be installed using pip:

::

    $ pip install mbed-cloud-sdk

.. _changes-2:

Changes
~~~~~~~

-  Filter construction logic reworked
-  Added webhook notification handler
-  AsyncConsumer.wait()
-  Various bugfixes

.. _known-issues-1:

Known Issues
~~~~~~~~~~~~

-  Testing shows that ``get_resource_value`` will fail when the cloud
   service returns a value directly, rather than through an open
   notification channel. This affects all previous versions.
-  The only known workaround at present is to ensure the cloud cache is
   not used by:

   -  Waiting between calls to get_resource_value
   -  Reducing `the configured TTL`_ on the cloud client image on the
      device

.. _section-3:

1.2.3
-----

.. _deliverables-3:

Deliverables
~~~~~~~~~~~~

The application is additionally hosted on pypi at
https://pypi.org/project/mbed-cloud-sdk and can be installed using pip:

::

    $ pip install mbed-cloud-sdk

.. _changes-3:

Changes
~~~~~~~

-  Initial early access release tracking Mbed Cloud 1.2 APIs
-  Added unittests
-  Added coverage collection
-  Python versions supported:

   -  2.7.10+
   -  3.4.3+

-  Examples working with both Python 2.7.10+ and 3.4.3+

1.2.0-alpha
-----------

.. _deliverables-4:

Deliverables
~~~~~~~~~~~~

The application is hosted on GitHub at
https://github.com/ARMmbed/mbed-cloud-sdk-python and can be installed
using pip:

::

    $ pip install ARMmbed/mbed-cloud-sdk-python@1.2.0-alpha

.. _changes-4:

Changes
~~~~~~~

-  Initial early access release tracking Mbed Clou

.. _the configured TTL: https://cloud.mbed.com/docs/latest/collecting/handle-resources.html#working-with-the-server-cache
